2b
1. Structured Data
2. Unstructured Data
3. Structured Data
4. Structured Data
5. Unstructured Data
2.1a
1. Data Driven - You analyze how many people pass by in different areas, how many people on average go to your neighbors, the level of competition, the average level of earnings. Based on this data, you choose which area to choose
gut-feeling - You choose a area based on your personal experience, and judgments about whether this area&nbsp; will become popular in the future, without relying on other important factors
2. Data Driven - You analyze the demographics of the audience, the number of tickets sold, the availability of different event venues, and so on, what music your audience likes on average more, what artist would be suitable
gut-feeling - You choose the venue, artist, topic based on your personal experience and feelings
3. Data Driven - You use information on sales of various technologies, analyze market trends,analyze another companies success in this product, see what people react to most positively, see what people want new and what features will be successful
gut-feeling - You start developing a product based on the personal experience of your team, and assumptions that this could become the right product, despite the fact that among your company there are already a lot of giant companies in this product
2.2a
2.Example: Traffic
Data: 20 car pass throught a street per minute
information: During early morning peak hour 07:30-08:00, 20 cars pass through one of Main Streets, resulting in congestion.
Knowledge:A large amount of traffic on the main street at 07:30-08:00 occurs because in Kyiv in the morning many children are brought to Schools, Kindergartens by parents, many people drive to work and also many people travel by bus, which causes congestion
Wisdom:Based already on the current values ​​of 20 cars per minute, we can assume that without any solution, this problem will become even greater in the future. Therefore, we need to establish Logistics properly and expand possible options for routes to different Points
3.Example: Plant
Data: Plant growth 2 cm tailer per week
Infromation:From the rays of the Sun, Fertilizer and Water in a week the plant grows by 2cm
Knowledge: Plant growth directly related to the amount of sunlight, water, fertilizer it receives. for optimal growth required amount per day - 6hrs of sunlight, 400 ml of water and 10 g of fertilizer
Wisdom:To optimize the health and growth of plants in different environments, we already know how much light, fertilizer and water they need. Based on this, we can make a plan on how to adjust the supply of these resources to plants whose environment does not provide them with enough resources

3.1a
Descriptive Analysis:

Situation: A book store reviews historical sales
Purpose: Summarize sales by category, and time period.
Outcome: The store realized that Garry Potter top-selling book.

Diagnostic Analysis:

Situation: A book store want to understand why Garry Potter sales have surged
Purpose: Investigate factors contributing to higher sales, such as promotions, online reviews.
Outcome: The analysis reveals that one populrar guy made a video about Garry Potter book. Who lives near the book store

Dredictive Analysis:

Situation: A book store uses historical sales to forecast future sales
Purpose: predict sales for next holiday season based on past perfomance and trends.
Outcome: The model forecast 15% increase in fantasy sales because of new fantasy book upcoming release

Drescriptive Analysis:

Situation: Based on predictions, the book story want to sell that much books as they can
Purpose: Apply various measures, for example - Buy books, carry out big advertising, prepare for the holiday season
Outcome: The story income increased by 5%

3.1b
Microsoft Power BI Documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/

Power Bi useful Youtuber 
https://www.youtube.com/@GuyInACube/videos

Power Bi in 10 Minutes: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNSHu0rkew8

3.1c
Tableau
Strength:
Allow us to create very creative customization and detailed visualizations
Weakness:
A lot of advanced features which are hard to learn for beginners

3.2a
Supervised:
Model Trained on Labeled Data. The goal is to make model to make accurate predictions for new data

Unsupervised:
Model Trained on not Labeled Data. The goal is to cluster the data

3.2b
inference - process of coming up with new propositions and checking whether they fit the logic of a knowledgebase
expert systems - simulates expert human dicision making in different domains

3.2c
deep learning AI has similarities to the human brain 
1. Neurons - each neuron receives input data, processes it,and produces output data, just like human neurons
2. Learning through Strengthening the connection - both the brain and deep learning are trained through strengthening the neural connection, in the case of AI - by adjusting the weights
3. Layer Architecture - (input, hidden, and output layers), something like this also exists in our human brain
It would also be interesting for me to discard the fact that any mechanism requires maintenance and energy. And look at a newborn child whose brain was replaced with Deep Learning Ai, taking into account that in terms of performance it will be even 2 times faster than the brain, and whether over time he will be able to feel emotions
3.2d
b) connectionist approach
From the name and after visiting the site where we could configure inputs, outputs and hidden layers, we can conclude that ANN uses a "connectionist approach"
3.2e
contract analysis.
In this case, symbolic AI  will be better because, 1 - Clear justification based on rules
2. Transparency and explainability
3 Logic based on clear rules set and operations
in the case of ANN, we will not understand how the AI ​​made such a conclusion, and it will also be difficult to set up strict rules